PAGE INFO
Start Date
Born on April 15, 1976
Hometown
Renganathapuram Village, Theni Dist
Home Country
India
Current Office
MADURAI, TAMILNADU
Short Description
Honest Brave Police Officer. Inspirational to all who wants to fight rather than just watching at all and being silent.
His life is a good example and role model for youngsters.
Surviving with his strong policies made him different from others.
Bio
Mr.R.Thirunavukkarasu IPS is a Tamilnadu Police Service officer of 1999 th batch. He is very famous for his Pet name "THE KILLER"

Promoted from TPS to IPS in September 2015

Education
------------
He has completed B.sc Physics @ Vivekanada College Tiruvedakam, Madurai
M.Sc Physics @ Madurai Kamaraj Univ, BL @ Government Law College, Madurai

Service
----------
Mr.Killer hailed from a remote village and became a police officer. He had cleared Group1 service exam in his first attempt and became Deputy Superintendent of Police. 

He had spent more then half a decade of his service at Forest as STF DSP in Sathyamangalam under CRPF Cheif K.VIJAYAKUMAR for an Indian Decoid Veerappan's execution. After that he had served various places and became famous in the places where he did serve.

such as Deputy Superintendent of Police in STF Sathyamangalam, 
Additional Deputy Superintendent of Police, in Madurai, Dindigul, Virudhunagar, Rameshwaram, 
and
Deputy Commissioner of Police, T-nagar Chennai, Pochampalli Dharmapuri, Madurai City, Tiruppur DT.

Currently he is serving as a Superintendent of Police, Krishnagiti DT.
Post
Superintendent of Police, Krishnagiri DT. TamilNadu
Awards
State Govt Gallantry award and promoted to ADSP from DSP.
Relationship Status
Married
Activities
Motivating youngsters to clear Group 1, Sub Inspector of Police and many Defense related exams also how to face an interview, handle Tough situations. His inspirational speech motivates everyone.
Interests
Writing Poems, Reading Books
Work Info
+ Enter work info
Education Info
Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai
Gender
Male
Personal Information
This Official page managed by R.Thirunavukkarasu sir and an Admin
Email
thirunavukkarasuips@gmail.com